https://codepen.io/Reikiryo/pen/rNaayPq?editors=1100

    1. What is Semantic HTML? HTML that has meaning to humans
    2. What is HTML used for? HTML is the content displayed on the page
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? An attribute specifies something about the content it goes inside the element tag
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page? h1 Is only for the most important content on the page, it should only be used once.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes? image, and anchor
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document?  meta tags and title
    7. What is an id? a unique identifier attribute for a single item
    8. What elements can I add an id to? any element
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? once
    10. What is a class? an reusable identifier attribute
    11. What elements can I add a class to? any element
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? infinite
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? _blank
    14. What is the alt attribute used for? image text
    15. How do I reference an id? #idname {}
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div? Section splits the page into multiple parts, Div splits the sections into even smaller parts
    17. What is CSS used for? Styling Html
    18. How do we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page. By typing the element name in css ex. p{} img{} h2{}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one. Class is for changing one or multiple elements of the same or different types all at once,
                                                            id is for selecting a SINGLE element to internally link. For example if you wanted to change a p element and an h2 the same way, you would use a class.
                                                            And if you wanted a button on your page to take u to another section of the page you would use an id.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS? .classname
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””? .human
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? A parent child selector is a selector that specifies an element by first specifying which element it resides inside.
                                                                    It is useful because it keeps us from having to give EVERY element a class.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar? .sidebar a
    24. What is a pseudo selector? A selectory that only takes action when while the element is in a certain state
    25. What do we use to change the spacing between lines? line-height attribute
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters? &nbsp;
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize? text-transform:uppercase;, text-transform:lowercase; ect.
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black? div {border:dotted; border-width:1px; border-color:black;}
    29. How do I select everything on the page? *{}
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS? /* comment */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder? ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? rm
    34. Why should I use version control? To negate the possibility of ever losing a file(s) or making irreversible mistakes
    35. How often should I commit to github? as often as reasonably possible
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? git push -u
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. fork, collaborate, clone, branch, submit.